Link to built-In querytype sort map identifiers (#1517)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/content_rendering/queries_and_controllers/built-in_query_types.md

To provide a sort order to the `sort` parameter, use names of the Sort Clauses.
To find them, refer to [Sort Clause](../../search/sort_clause_reference.md)

> and te relevant Sort Clause class. The sort identifier map list can be found [here](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/1.3/eZ/Bundle/EzPublishCoreBundle/Resources/config/sort_spec.yml#L29)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the [relevant Sort Clause class](https://github.com/ibexa/core/blob/main/src/bundle/Core/Resources/config/sort_spec.yml#L29)
```
For master (v4) we need to link to the new repository.
